en, zh: Update recommended instance type (#2012) (#2021)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-aws-eks.md

- Instance types: to gain better performance, the following is recommended:
    - PD nodes: `c5.xlarge`
    - TiDB nodes: `c5.4xlarge`
    - TiKV or TiFlash nodes: `m5.4xlarge`

> - Storage: Because AWS supports the [EBS `gp3`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html#gp3-ebs-volume-type) volume type, it is recommended to use EBS `gp3`. For `gp3` provisioning, the following is recommended:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Storage: Because AWS supports the [EBS `gp3`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/general-purpose.html#gp3-ebs-volume-type) volume type, it is recommended to use EBS `gp3`. For `gp3` provisioning, the following is recommended:
```
